Here is an opportunity for you shine right away. Make sure to explain high level the problem to be solved, how your team solved it, the tools you used, and the main challenge in the project faced and how you overcame it.
Tell your story about the most relevant report or presentation to the job you are interviewing for. Make sure to highlight the skills you used for making the report/presentation. 
Outline the main tasks you performed, and start with the tasks most relevant to the job you are interviewing for.
Make sure to have two or three bulletpoints you can talk around. Engineering is often team work on projects, so it might be a good idea to mention working with and learning from other people.
This question is asked to uncover if you are a person that seek to learn new things. Think about the projects you have worked on in the last year and talk about two or three skills that you have picked lately.
This is a yes or no answer, with an explanation of your patents if yes. If youi dont have any patents answer the second part of the question. 
This question is asked to see if you assess yourself. Rarerly are there any projects that are straight-forward. Talk about an example from a recent project and make sure you include how your learned from the experience.
Problem solving is at the heart of engineering. Make sure you explain how you handle problem solving, how do you work when analyzing, measuring, implementing and controlling your work.
Be honest about your ambitions for your career. If you want to continue with engeenering for the rest of your life say so. If you do want to pursue a career in management after a while say so too.
Intercompany disputes and competition amongst departments are common in big organizations. If you have been involved in such, please explain.
Logic is the study of patterns. It is used to search for inconsistencies. With that in mind explain how you have used logic for problem solving.
There are different methods used for analysis. Explain which method you use when you design solutions.
This is a difficult question and maybe you dont have an example. Whatever you answer, make sure you explain in a logic matter. Use ´´define the problem, analyze, measure, implement and control to help you explain
EHS is a vital part of engineering. Do you have experience with this, then it is a major plus. Hazardous workplace is important part of EHS, explain how you dealt with hazardous workplace.
Some tasks are boring in all jobs, what makes you get by when having the dull days?
Explain which control system you use in order to make sure your tasks are completed properly and without error.
Teamwork is essential on engineering projects. Talk about a time when you had to share your skills with another team member.
Are you a leader or a follower? Leaders often challenge others ideas while followers dont. Show that you are a leader by explaining when you challended someone else.
This is all about explaining your experience and what problems you have encountered. Make sure you have a list of two three items on problem solving on projects when going into interview.
This question is to see if you are flexible. Can you take on new work responsibilities or not as you go  along?
Make sure you focus on how to be a fast learner? Getting off to a good start means putting in a lot of hours, learning the systems, the procedures and the organization. 
We all make mistakes. If you have worked on a client site, maybe you have some examples of where you should have done differently. Focus on what you learned from your experience.
Use an example from the job before your current one, or even better from school. Be careful about blaming others on the team.
What is your expertise that make others ask you for advice.
When setting up a department you should start with the goal of the department, then analyze the need for different skills in order to achieve the goals, and finally putting together a team that have all these skills in order for the department to achieve its goals.
Prioritizing and delegating tasks involves putting the most important on top of the list, but without loosing focus on the small tasks that are also necessary in order to have a succesfull project.
Explain briefly the project, then focus on how you communicated with the different people. How did you set up your meetings, did you use checklists, how did you make sure everybody followed procedures etc.
This is a very personal question in which you need to compare engineering to other jobs. What does this mean to you as a person.
Explaining how your typical day is will show the interviewer how you work and what you focus on. Try to bring out the items of your work that is close to the tasks of the job you are interviewing for.
Being able to get products to the market is very important. Think of who in your network that can help you market technical products. 
It common to seek advice when encountering technical problems. There are many people with more experience than  you. Dont be afraid to explain who you go to for help. Make sure you explain the reason you go to that specific person.
Project margins are important to engineering businesses. Increased cost can slaughter a good profit. How do you react when expenses come in over the budget? Make sure to explain how you try to push this extra cost to the customers if appropriate, or how you try to reduce cost in other areas.
Pick out two or three examples from your background that you sincerely think can help the company you are interviewing for, grow.
If this applies to you, make sure you underline that you dont loose your temper often.
Choose some personal characterstics that you have yourself.
What are you best at in engineering. What is your ´force´.
Be honest about this. It is not a goal to show you work the most. Everybody knows the best workers have a balanced work/private life.
What do you think is necessary to know before you start the project assignment? Deadlines, scope, margins are three key words you can use.
This is a question that only you can answer and it depends on the job you are seeking. But make sure you dont come off as too cocky. Keep it humble.
Making customers happy makes them come back. Have you any examples of when you pleased a customer beyond the normal standards?
A lot of engineers hate the heavy reporting that some companies requires. Have you done something to ease the pain? New procedures, new tools?
Workloads usually varies with customer projects. When the projects come in, workloads increase and vice versa. Whatever you answer, make sure to mention how the business was doing in general.
