Explain shortly how you work to get new clients then answer the specific question on the number of new clients. This number usually varies from week to week and feel free to give a high-low number.
Sales process is usually defined by the steps: Establish relationship, Need recognition, Formulate Solution, Close the sale, Deliver and evaluate. Explain which step you enjoy and why.
Think about the products you now sell and what makes them easy to sell. This might be some special features, functions or design. 
Many people in sales enjoy it because they get to work a lot with other people and they are very outgoing and communicates with ease.
This usually aims to clarify if you prefer to sell high priced items vs low price items, and what kind of sales cycle (long sales vs short sales) you like.
Sellers usually acts as the company´s connection with the market, and they are vital in generating revenue for the company.
Take a note of how much time you spend in direct contact with your prospects and clients. If the number is high or low, be prepared to explain why.
Everybody has made some mistakes when selling. Tell about a time it happens to you and focus on what you learned from the experience.
Some common traits for good sellers are: Integrity, enthusiasm, self-confidence, passion and tenacity.
Here is an example: " Good morning, I'm Mr ABC from XYZ, calling to ask if you are aware of my product/service 123 ... I realize you may not like to discuss this over the phone, so I can also send you a brief overview on any email address that you feel does not invade your privacy."
This question is specific to the job you have today. You should explain high level the steps you perform to qualify your prospects as potential customers.
Explain the different parts of your presentation, from start to finish. How do you divide up your sales pitch? How do you start, how to finish?
Remember your last sales presentation? Write down three likes and three things you didnt like about it.
Negotiating is a back-and-forth ritual. You propose the scope of work and set a price. There are several important parts to the process, which one do you feel is most crucial and why? Explain with details.
Convincing someone that is uncertain is always difficult, but a good seller always have a method for this. Explain yours and your strategy for convincing your client.
Think about your best client and imagine what he would say if he were asked about you as a seller.
Most selles dont make their mark every single month. Explain in detail how you phrased yourself when talking to your boss. Remember to explain the reasons for why you didnt reach your goal.
Be honest to your clients, and most of the time, they’ll appreciate you for it. Be honest with yourself and know what you can realistically do with the time and resources that you have. Think of an example.
Rejections are something all sellers have to face and deal with. How do you react to a "No" from a prospect. For most people "No" is a personal rejection. Focus your answer on your great attitude, and how you know you eventually will get a yes. Remember for every "No" you get, you are one step closer to a "Yes". Another trick is to make your cold calls first, and call your hottest referrals last, making you end your day on a more likely positive note.
Think about the big sale you didnt make. Tell the interviewer about it, but dont focus on what you did wrong, but what you learned from the experience.
It is a well known fact that the "most likely to buy" prospects are the most enthusiastic prospects. Explain from your experience how do your selection. 
Make sure you have your stats memorized, and also make sure you are able to explain why your stats are like they are.
Sales strategies often change during the sales process. The interviewer is looking for how you are able to be flexible and "roll with the punches" when you meet an obstacle when selling.
There is a saying that 90% of sellers hate cold calls, and the remaining 10% is lying. Be honest about your answer and explain why feel that way. Use examples if necessary.
This should be an easy question to answer and your opportunity to show off. Make sure you don´t brag about yourself, but tell the story in a positive way. 
Common answers are angry customers, difficult customers, customer that are only looking and not interested in buying, pressure of making sale just to make a sale without regard of the customer.
A good seller should have the ability of convincing people they really need a specific product, buy that product and, the most important, to buy it from him. You can add with your best personal qualities that gives you that edge.
This is a test to see if you can think fast and talk good.
This can be different from person to person, but you should have a short list of specific products you would rather not sell.
Angry customers happen from time to another. Its known fact that dealing with these you need to empathize, listen, apologize, take ownership of the solution, provide feedback, be polite and even compliment them after they have explained their problem.
Long negotiations can be very tiredsome and stress ful. The interviewer wants to know how you react under stressful situations and when you are under pressure.
Start off by telling about the products that are most similar to the products the company your are interviewing for sell. Then the next most similar, etc…
Write down the steps you perform to find prospects in your current job. Make sure you have a good grasp of this before going into the interview.
Make sure to be honest about this. If you haven´t met your sales goal lately, explain why, but make sure to be answer in a positive way.
Explain how you plan your month and year selling. Show that you are systematic and organized in your sales approach. 
Follow up with gratitude. Here is an example: Before dialing, emailing or writing a note take a moment to think about your prospect and your last meeting.  Is there something you discussed in your last meeting that gave you an idea or helped you in some way?  Did you learn something new about how your product or service can help a future prospect or customer? 
Some key words are: solve problem, have mass appeal, is unique, offer instant gratification.
Selling to existing customers is quite different to approaching new prospects. You don't need to establish your reputation, skills or the quality of your products. Cross- selling and up-selling are two common techniques for selling new products to existing customers.
Start with introducing your pen company, talk about its features, ask what kind of pen he  or she is looking for, make sure you tell him to test it. Here you must use you selling skills to talk him into buying the pen from you.
This is a opportunity for you to show that you have done your homework. Make sure you have researched the company thoroughly and list up  what you think are their products list.
Another opportunity to shine.  Make sure you have researched the company thoroughly and list up  what you think are their best product and explain why you like it so much.
A typical sales process is: prospecting - initital contact - sales presentation - handling prospect objections - closing the sale - follow up.
