Make sure to explain, with examples, why you chose your field of study. Relate to specific incidents in your life that shaped your decision to follow that path… Make mention of special skills you have that fits with your chosen field.
Talk honestly about your grades… specify what were your strong subjects… what your weaker ones were. If you honestly felt the grades were not as good as they could have been explain why.
Be specific regarding what your extra-curricular activities were and how they blended with your course study. If they weren’t directly connected, but helped develop your social skills or your sense of teamwork, explain that.
Explain the tasks you that was your responsibility on a high level. Focus on the tasks that are most relevant to the job you are interviewing for.
Make sure you talk about the one asset that makes you a better candidate than everyone else. It can be something from your past work experience or a personality trait that uniquely qualifies you for this position. 
Prepare a list of two-three weaknesses that you can talk about in the interview. This question you will most likely get.
Common follow up after describing your weaknesses. For example; if you consider one of your weaknesses to be a lack of confidence in making presentations if a public forum, you might say that you want to take a class in presentation skills.  
Explain how you prioritize… explain how you decide which tasks or deadlines get moved to the front. Have an example or a scenario ready to show how you might handle it.
This should be a simple yes or no answer. If you have a specific example of when you were under a strict deadline and were able to get it handled tell that story.
The list could be endless [lack of communication, deadlines, disrespectful coworker etc.] Make sure not to ramble here. Be concise, but as honest as possible. This is another very common interview question.
Think of an example from your current or past job that stressed you out and why. The important thing is to give the interviewer a sense that you have encountered stressful situations before, and that you’re able to cope without becoming a liability or generating conflict in the company.
This is a self-assessment question. Tell the truth; give examples that support your answer. If you’re not satisfied say so, but do it without beign disgruntled. State that you’re satisfied with your work performance but there were extenuating circumstances that kept you from being promoted when you expected to. If you have an example give one, but make sure to be specific
Another key moment in an interview; you’re being given the opportunity to shine. Give a specific example of something you’ve done well… it can be a project that you completed, a problem you solved or a goal you were able to reach. Be specific and try to use numbers in your example if possible.
You should be careful here. If you’ve had a big failure you should tell about it honestly, but focus on what you learned from that failure. If you haven’t had any big failures that’s great, but take this time to explain how an accomplishment that you did achieve didn’t turn out as good as you had hoped. 
A challenge in this context is a situation or a problem that you encountered for the first time. Give an example of when this happened and explain how you improvised and learned as you went along in order to solve it. 
This is an attempt to uncover your ambitions, depending on the position you’re interviewing for. Explain what your goals and ambitions are and how you plan to get there. If you are aiming for a position beyond the one you are interviewing for, don’t be afraid to say so, but be clear that the job you’re interviewing for is your highest priority and necessary to help you reach your ultimate goal.
You’re answer here will speak volumes about your personality. If you say independently you might look like a lone wolf or a control freak. If you say a team environment, you might be looked at as follower without initiative. This is time for diplomacy. For instance you might say; I prefer to work alone, but when it gets down to crunch time I value input from colleagues to make sure we’re staying on track… or; I like to work on a team. When I work with other people it gets my creativity flowing and helps me think outside of the box.
If you’re a leader say so. The best way to answer this question is to give an example that shows you’re a leader. You should be humble enough to admit that you don’t need the center of attention all the time. Try and extol the virtues of a team you’ve worked on, explaining how EVERYONE helped. Be sure to make it understood that when the situation arises, and you’re part of a team in a support role only, that you don’t have any problems with that. 
This is an easy question, but think about it for a while; who was your best boss and why? This is asked to see how you’ll mesh with your new manager. 
Your best attributes can be your personality, your experience or maybe your education. Focus on your strengths; explain how this will help the company be better.
Here’s an opportunity to brag on the company you’re interviewing with. The interviewer always wants hear good things about the place they work. This is where your research pays off. Explain why this is the company you want to work for and what working here will do for your career.
Be specific. Focus on the company and how the responsibilities of this position fit into you career plans. This should be an easy question designed to show the interviewer what motivates you to apply for this position.
This is very broad question that can be answered many ways. I would suggest saying where you’re from, what your family situation is, what your hobbies are... Give them an idea of who you are when you’re not working.  Show the interviewer that you do have a life outside of work. It’s a well known fact that the best employees don’t work, or think about work 24/7. 
Here is an opportunity to tell the interviewer who you are as a person; what your character is like. You can say something like; you’re calm, good humored, and social. Or that you are honest, hard working and patient. Think about the adjectives that describe you best.
This should be an easy one. Just say what your friends think about you. It should be similar to your character assessment from the previous question.
Focus on your character at work. Your response might be something like; my co-workers know that they can count on me to take the bull by the horns and get the job done. It could be adjectives like serious, ambitious, someone taking the initiative etc. 
This is a question you will most likely get. Make sure you have three strengths memorized before the interview.  Try and tailor the answer to fit the job position. 
 You’re likely to get this question as well, so you need to have three weaknesses lined up. Focus on positive weaknesses, such as; ‘I tend to impatient’ or ‘I can be too detail oriented’ or maybe ‘I can be a bit eager trying to do a good job”. 
What ever you do, don’t answer money; money is just a reward for doing a good job. Motivation should come from things like; ‘The feeling you get from doing a good job’, or ‘Being able to work in an environment where I’m valued for my skills.
Common things that might be de-motivating as a worker might be; unclear job description, conflicts and invisibility to the manager.
One way to answer this question might be something like this; “I’m a leader because I thrive in difficult situations, and have the ability to manage, direct and motivate people.” 
Use examples where you’ve been thrown into a position of leadership. It doesn’t have to be in the work environment. Maybe it was in a sports related situation, a time when you’ve been asked with help with a local Boy Scout or Girl Scout troop… If its work related, that’s ok too.
Having to make difficult decisions happen all the time, not just at work. Many times it stems from not having enough information to properly assess a situation, leaving you with uncertainty as to the outcome of the decision you’ll have to make. The interviewer wants to hear an example of that and what steps you take to come to a decision.
This is about problem solving. The interviewer wants to hear how you worked your way out of a dilemma or how you found a new way to solve a problem
The interviewer wants to know if you’re confident in giving presentations. They want to know how well you communicate. If you can, describe the different stages of your presentation, you know like: What was your message, how did you introduce it, how did you deliver the main points, and finally how you concluded it.
 If you’ve done your research of the company, you should have some highlights memorized. Think big picture: what is the business, where do they operate, how much revenue do they make, how many employees do they have. Follow up with some details: recent news, information about a new product launch, new markets they’re expanding into... Just make sure to let them know You KNOW who they are.
Again, it comes down to prep work. If you’ve done your homework you know who they are, the benefits of working with them. The reasons might be anything from; they are a leader in their industry, great work environment, fantastic advancement potential…Just make it real. No one likes to be conned, so be genuine.
This is a question that only you know the answer to. Most common answers are; the ability to make a difference, an opportunity to advance, possibility to use my skills and education and having defined goals to work towards. These are just some things that might make a job meaningful
Again, it comes down to prep work. If you’ve done your homework you know who they are, the benefits of working with them. The reasons might be anything from; they are a leader in their industry, great work environment, fantastic advancement potential…Just make it real. No one likes to be conned, so be genuine.
Managers ALWAYS want to know why you’re leaving your current job. Most people that are still in their current position give the pat answer of; I’m looking for new challenges in order to grow professionally. While this might be true, it sounds like a canned answer. You might want to take a little time and put a little polish on it like; ‘I feel like I hit the ceiling with my current position… I’m looking for something that’s going to stretch me… you know make me be better. This can be answered many ways, but try to come out of it looking ambitious.
The interviewer is testing you to see if your expectations match theirs. The answer should reflect the advertisement of the job in terms of tasks and responsibilities… but it should also include personal challenges that you see; new environment, learning new systems, meeting new people...etc.
This is about what you bring to the table; what’s your contribution to the organization, the department you’ll work in. Will you mesh with the team on a social level...? You have to convince the manager that you’ll be a positive contributor in the daily grind of the workplace.
It’s proven that salary alone is not a great motivator for an employee. Now don’t get me wrong money is important, especially when you’re in the job hunting process… we need money to provide for ourselves and our families.  But once you start working it’s not that thing that keeps you going. Instead a nonmonetary reward like recognition by coworkers or managers is much more of a motivator to most people. So, don’t say that salary is a great motivator for you, because it shows that you have little self-insight. Instead say that it’s important to be paid fairly and perhaps be rewarded when you do go above and beyond the scope of your job, but that the money in and of itself is not your greatest motivator.
