How many invoices do you handle on a monthly basis?
What are the steps to take before approving an invoice payable?
What information do you need before you approve an invoice for payment?
Tell me about an invoice discrepancy you once encountered and how you solved it?
Have you ever been involved in an invoice dispute, if so how did you handle it?
Explain the account payable cycle?
Explain the account receivable cycle?
What accounts payable applications are you familiar with?
Explain the inventory cycle?
Detail your experience in preparing the management reports?
What motivated you to establish a career in accountancy?
What do you regard as the biggest challenges and opportunities facing the accounting profession today?
How do you control errors in your work?
Give me an example of when you were not happy with the details of an established procedure and what you did about it
What is the basic accounting equation?
What is a bank reconcilliation statement?
Why are accounting standards necessary?
Explain depreciation?
What is the difference between accrual accounting and cash accounting?
Give me examples of accounting reports you have prepared?
What is marginal cost?
What are cost accounting?
What does overhead mean in terms of accounting?
Explain the chart of accounts?
What is double entry book-keeping?
What is meant by working capital?
What is the difference between financial accounting and management accounting?
What is an adjusting journal entry?
What is a contingent liability?
Why do you want to be an accountant?
Explain some internal controls measures in order to make sure the accounts are correct?
Explain the relation between a purchase order and an invoice?
How would you book an invoice sent to a customer?
How would you book an invoice received by a supplier?
How would you book an expense accrual?
How would you book interest charges?
How would you book a tax accrual?
How would you book a credit note received from a customer?
What is the difference between accounting and finance?
Define "Book Value" in regards to accounting?
What does the word "Credit" mean in accounting?
What is a ledger?
What is accounting?
What is your definition of creative accounting?
Explain why some invoices are capitalized and others are expensed?
Explain the accounting cycle?
What is the difference between fixed and variable cost?
What is a cost center?