How many appointments with new clients do you usually have each week?
What is your favorite part of the sales process?
What do you like most about the products you sell now?
Why do you like to be in sales?
What types of products do you prefer to sell?
As a seller, how do you see your role in your company?
How much time do you spend talking to your prospects and clients aweek?
Tell me about a time you made a mistake with a client and how you handled it?
What is the most important quality a seller should have to be successful?
What is your best opening line when making a sales call?
Explain your current prospect qualification process?
How do would you set up a sales presentation to a large audience?
Tell me what you enjoy about sales presentations and why? What do you care less about?
What is the most important part of negotiating?
Tell me how you would try to close a sale of someone who is uncertain about buying your products?
How would your clients describe you as a seller?
Tell me about a time you did not reach your sales goal and how you communicated this to your superior?
Describe the most challenging client you have met and how you handled it?
Tell me how you handle rejections from prospects?
Tell me about your biggest sales failure?
How do you select out the "least likely to buy" prospects from the "most likely to buy" prospects?
How many percent of your prospects turns into client or buyers?
Give an example of when you had to change your sales strategy because you failed at first?
How do you feel about making "cold calls"?
Tell me about your biggest sale?
What you like the least about being in sales?
What makes you a good seller?
Sell me you car.
Are there any products you are not comfortable of selling?
How would you handle an angry customer?
Tell me about a time encountered a very long negotiation. How did you handle it?
What kind of product do you have experience in selling?
How do you find prospective clients in your current job?
Do you usually meet your sales goals?
How do you set up your strategy to meet your sales goals?
How do you usually follow up on your prospects after the first contact or meeting?
What makes a product easy to sell?
How would you sell a new product to an existing client?
Sell me this pen?
What products to our company sell?
What is your favorite product in this company? Why?
Describe the sales process?
