Tell me about the most challenging engineering project that you have been involved with during past year.
Describe the most significant written technical report or presentation that you had to complete.
In your last engineering position, what were some of the things that you spent the most time on, and how much time did you spend on each?
What do you enjoy most/least about engineering?
What new engineering specialty skills have you developed during the past year?
Do you have any patents? If so, tell me about them. If not, is it something you see yourself pursuing and why or why not?
Think of a specific engineering project when you answer this question. What could you have done to be more successful in achieving your goal(s)?
Describe a time when you confronted a problem that really tested your engineering know-how.
What is your overall career objective? Do you see yourself working in engineering ten years from now? If not, what do you think you will be doing?
Describe a time when as a member of the engineering department, you were instrumental in building a good long-term relationship with another department within the company.
Tell me about your greatest success in using the principles of logic to solve an engineering problem in your last job.
Give me an example of a time when you applied your ability to use analytical techniques to define problems or design solutions.
Describe a time when you used your engineering knowledge to solve a problem for which there appeared to be no answer.
Tell me about a time when you became aware of a hazardous workplace condition. How did you handle it?
Tell me about your experience in dealing with routine engineering work. How do you keep from getting bored?
I expect the engineer that I hire for this position to be precise – detailed oriented in everything he or she does. What checks and balances do you use to make sure that you don’t make mistakes?
Give me an example of a time when you had to teach a skill to other engineers.
Some of the best-engineered ideas are born out of an individual’s ability to challenge, others’ ways of thinking. Tell me about a time when you were successful in do this.
On your last project assignment, what problems did you identify that had been previously overlooked?
How has your present or last engineering job changed while you’ve held it?
If I offer you a position as an engineer with us, how do you plan to get off to a jackrabbit start?
Give me an example of something that you have learned from a mistake that you made on a job at a client site.
Tell me about a time when a project team effort that you were involved in failed. 
For what advice or assistance do fellow engineers turn to you?
What factors would you consider in building an engineering department from scratch?
How do you communicate priority projects with a team of other engineers without making them feel overwhelmed?
Describe a specific engineering project that you were responsible for that required a lot of interaction with a variety of people over a long period of time.
What do you get out of engineering that you couldn’t get from any other kind of work?
Describe a typical day out in the field in your last or present job.
What media contacts do you have that would help us market our technical products/services?
To whom did you turn for help the last time that you ran into a major technical problem, and why did you choose that person?
In the field of engineering, priorities often change quickly. Give me an example of a time when that happened. How did you handle it?
How can you best use your engineering education and prior work experience to help our company grow?
Tell me about the last time you lost your temper in the field.
What personal characteristics do you feel are necessary to be a successful engineer?
What single technical skill or ability is your best asset?
What kind of hours did you typically work in your most recent engineering job?
What kinds of information would you request or require before you felt you could do justice to a project assignment?
Describe two specific technical contributions you would expect to make during the first six months on the job if you joined our company.
Tell me about a time when you surpassed all expectations by going “above and beyond” for a client.
What have you specifically done to make the work of the engineers who report to you easier?
How do you feel about the workload in the engineering department on your present or previous job? 
