Tell me about your education and why you chose that particular field of study?
Tell me about your grades, were you satisfied with them?
Were you involved in activities outside of your studies, tell me about them.
Can you explain in detail the tasks you performed and the responsibilities you had in your last position?
Professionally speaking, what is your best quality?
Tell me, what you consider your weaknesses?
So what’s your plan for improving on your weaknesses?
How well can you handle large workloads?
Can you work under pressure with tight deadlines?
What makes you stress?
How do you react under stressful situations?
Are you satisfied with your career development so far?
Can you tell me about a successful accomplishment in your career, and why you consider it a success?
Tell me about a failure you’ve experienced in your career, and why you think it was a failure?
Have you had any great challenges in your career and if so, how did you handle them?
What about career goals for the next five years?
Do you prefer working in a team environment, or do you prefer to work independently? 
When working on a team, do you prefer to take the leading role or are you a follower?
Tell me about the best manager you’ve ever had… what qualities did he or she have that made them the best?
What’s your ‘thing’ or your best attribute? What is that thing you’ll bring to us?
Why do you want to work for us?
What’s the most attractive thing to you about this position?
So tell me a little about yourself?
How would you describe yourself as a person?
How do you think your friends perceive you?
What do you think your coworker’s description of you would be like?
Name three personality strengths that will help you succeed in this job?
Name three weaknesses’ that might make this job more challenging for you?
What motivates you to do a good job?
What is de-motivating to you?
Are you a leader? And if you are what makes you one?
Describe a time when you had to show leadership?
Give me an example of a situation where you had to make a difficult decision?
Give me an example where you had to be creative?
Tell me about your last presentation? What did you present and how did you deliver it?
What do you know about this company?
Why do you think you’re a good fit for this position?
What’s most important for you in a job?
Why should we hire you?
Why do you want to leave your current job?
What are your expectations from this job?
How would you contribute to the work environment for us?
How much of a motivator is salary in your job?
